Highlight case-insensitivity on XML (#9263)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/xml-config-file.md

  
## Create an XML configuration file

> Any text editor can be used to create a settings file. The **XML Elements** table explains the elements shown in this sample SkypeSettings.xml (required file name) configuration file. Please note, the XML elements are case-sensitives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any text editor can be used to create a settings file. The **XML Elements** table explains the elements shown in this sample SkypeSettings.xml (required file name) configuration file. Please note that the XML elements are case-sensitive.
```

> Any text editor can be used to create a settings file. The **XML Elements** table explains the elements shown in this sample SkypeSettings.xml (required file name) configuration file. Please note that the XML elements are case-sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any text editor can be used to create a settings file. The **XML Elements** table explains the elements shown in this sample SkypeSettings.xml (required file name) configuration file. Note that the XML elements are case-sensitive.
```
